Update label descriptions in CONTRIBUTING.md (#2065)
cocotb/cocotb: CONTRIBUTING.md

- `category:simulators:vcs`: Synopsys VCS
- `category:simulators:verilator`: Verilator
- `category:simulators:xcelium`: Cadence Xcelium
- `category:codebase:gpi`: relating to the GPI or one of the implementation
- `category:codebase:pygpi`: relating to the Python wrapper around the GPI (embed library and simulator module)
- `category:codebase:scheduler`: relating to the coroutine scheduler, triggers, or coroutine objects

> - `category:codebase:test-runner`: regarding the code for automating test runs (regression manager)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `category:codebase:test-runner`: relating to the code for automating test runs (regression manager)
```
